Now many people in our village are engaged in
This Olympic event
This does not allow participation
Does this keep us from going back?
Yeah, we've been training hard for so many years
Don't let us participate
So all these years of hard work were in vain?
Mr. Miyamoto has no right to speak without investigation
I told Zhao Ruolan that there was a situation
600 kg of strength
I saw it with my own eyes
Convincing me to go back tomorrow
Disqualify you as an Olympic sponsor
What's coming at me?
Don't make it difficult for others
I still want to be a hero at this time
Fine. Then get on your knees
Kowtow to us and apologize
Will we let you go?
Sun Beifeng, you are really not human
Are you bullying your own daughter like this?
Show me and bully her. What's wrong?
Why are you in such a hurry?
Could it be that you have an affair with him?
You do things alone
It has nothing to do with the people in the village
Then you should kneel down and apologize to me
And confess their guilt
I'll let you go
Otherwise, I will ban you Zhaojiacun
I Kneel